foreign
[Music]
tic edelman's struggling with reception
two things I hate dropping balls and
calls well you need a better Network
time to switch to Verizon the most
reliable 5G Network in America I'm
listening you even get a free 5G phone
on them sweet so now whether you're in
the city or on the road reception and
getting the network you want and a brand
new phone touchdown
go switch now and get the new Google
pixel 7 Pro on us only on the network
America relies on Verizon Verizon has
aired its new and funny commercial
featuring Julian Edelman and Cecily
Strong
Cecily Strong says Julian Edelman needs
better Network time to switch to Verizon
the most reliable 5G Network in America
Verizon got the reception King back on
the football field to catch balls and
calls
Cecily throws the ball and Julian
Edelman catch it and the touchdown
if you haven't already subscribed to our
Channel hit the like button turn on
notifications
so you will be notified whenever we
uploaded a new video
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you