we think first of fake words that are
synonyms for progress and pair them with
the footage of a high-speed train
Sciences doing lots of stuff that may or
may not have anything to do with us
see how this guide a lab coat holds up a
beaker that means we do research here's
a picture of DNA
there are shitload of people in over all
especially in India see how we're part
of the global economy
look at those farmers in China but we
also do business in the USA I want you
to think we do check out this wind
energy thing in Indiana and this blue
collar cap with dirt on his face also we
care about the environment
Loosli here's some powerful rushing
water and people planting trees our
policies could be related to these
panoramic views of Costa Rica the
today's high-speed environment stop
motion for they give a city at night the
cars turning it quickly makes you think
about doing things efficiently and time
passing unless you think we're a
faceless entity look at all these
attractive people you're some of them
talking and laughing in close-ups of
hands passing canned goods to each other
in the setting that evokes community
service equality innovation honesty in
advancement are all words we choose from
a list our profits are all inspired like
this guy's looking up and pointing at a
skyscraper or a kite while smiling and
explaining something to his child using
a specific ratio of Asian people to
black people to women to white men we
want to make sure we represent your
needs and interests or at least a
version of your skin color than our ads
did we put a baby in here what about an
ethnic old man who's wrinkled smile
represents the happiness and wisdom of
the poor yep
[Music]
you