please raise your right hand and repeat
after me i George Walker Bush do
solemnly swear i George Walker Bush do
solemnly swear that I will faithfully
execute the office of President of the
United States that I will faithfully
execute the office of President of the
Union just get this hello hey I was just
thinking about you yes I was uh-huh yes
I what no you are faithfully execute the
office of President so what are you
wearing a President of the United States
o say can I call you back sore hope they
go no don't hang up no you hang no you
you hang up so help me God you hang
gradually it's president's day and
everybody's getting in on the special
offer from verizon wireless for just
twenty-five dollars per month get 1500
anytime minutes plus free long distance
verizon wireless join in