I love helping people you know everybody
needs a place to call home somewhere
that they can feel comfortable and
somewhere that they can be themselves
you know to me real estate is so much
more than just buying and selling it's
about creating the relationships that
lasts and having them feel inspired one
of the things that I love about real
estate the most is that I envision my
clients in that home with their friends
and their family I've surrounded myself
with a network of trusted professionals
to ensure my clients that if something
was to arrive or a question or situation
that I would have the best solution for
my clients I'm fortunate to have been
living in Central Oregon since I was 18
years old and I've watched this cute
charming little town turn into this hot
spot for real estate
I grew up most of my life in Portland
Oregon and I saw my parents give their
careers
110 percent and their family 110 percent
and that's how I live my life I'm a mom
and I know what it takes to get the job
done communication transparency honesty
and integrity are some of the core
values that I live my life around all
while making the experience memorable
for my clients my name is Kayla Johnson
and I am your Central Oregon realtor at
exp Realty