Intel 360 replay makes anything look
every literally anything
[Music]
[Applause]
wait till you see it in the game
[Music]
now they're getting weaker greatness
brought it again for the fifth year how
is it possible keeps getting better even
after all these years kind of makes you
wonder what footlocker is up to you know
that's an unfortunate might say you got
there tell Brady just because
something's great your if your doesn't
mean anything's going on why can't some
things just be great just a question
starts with questions and then questions
turn into assumptions and an assumptions
turn into vacations so why would you
punish the weak of greatness for
something that never even happened
unless my appetite at least five years
we talked about this get it done listen
I gotta go one way to the ball what do
you think about 50 0 CD no reef pump
yeah I'm ready I've been watching film
all week this is keep it clean and
simple of course they love it down in
Miami who wouldn't we a quarter SATs
sakes maybe hey hold up girlie girl they
were if you're working are you serious
and you know me hold on that shades good
luck telemarketing is a cool job but
sometimes I wish it was even more
exciting luckily there's daily MVP the
super awesome way to play fantasy sports
every day just build your team challenge
your buddies and boom Shakalaka you beat
me again Gary now even a telemarketer
like me can feel like an MVP
[Music]
I'm so bored let's do something no I'm
good
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Tom hi welcome to shields MRI would you
please remove all jewelry and place it
in the locker oh yeah sure no problem
Tom Brady trust shields MRI you can too
that all actually no I forgot this one
it's got a new we're gonna need to get
you a bigger Locker Roger that
shields healthcare go or the pros go
Tom
yet
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
you
[Music]
you
[Music]
Tom Brady you and the Patriots have just
won the Super Bowl what are you going to
do next
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
mr. Blaine we've been expecting you
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
we've been eating anything else No
not a thing
Intel 360 replay makes anything look
epic
[Music]
literally anything wait till you see it
in the game
[Music]
now there get it we could greatness
brought it again for the fifth year how
is it possible keeps getting better even
after all these years it kind of makes
you wonder what footlocker is up to you
know that's an unfortunate might say you
got there tell Brady just because
something's great your if your doesn't
mean anything's going on why can't some
things just be great just a question
starts with questions and then questions
turn into assumptions and an assumptions
turn into vacations so why would you
punish the week of greatness for
something that never even happened I
lost my appetite at least five years we
talked about this get it done listen I
gotta go one way to the ball what do you
think about 50 0 CD no reef pump yeah
I'm ready I've been watching film all
week this is keep it clean and simple of
course they love it down in Miami who
wouldn't we a quarter stats sakes baby
hey hold up girlie girl they were if
you're working are you serious
and you know me hold on that shit's good
[Music]
telemarketing is a cool job but
sometimes I wish it was even more
exciting luckily there's daily MVP the
super awesome way to play fantasy sports
every day just build your team challenge
your buddies and boom Shakalaka you beat
me again Gary now even a telemarketer
like me can feel like an MVP
[Music]
I'm so bored let's do something no I'm
good Intel 360 replay makes anything
look epic Intel 360 replay makes
anything look epic literally anything
[Music]
[Applause]
wait till you see it in the game
[Music]
now they get it we could greatness
brought it again for the fifth year how
is it possible keeps getting better even
after all these years
kind of makes you wonder what full out
there's up to you know that's an
unfortunate mindset you got there tell
Brady just because something's great
you're if you're doesn't mean anything's
going on why can't some things just be
great just a question starts with
questions and then questions turn into
assumptions and an assumptions turn into
vacations so why would you punish the
week of greatness for something that
never even happened I lost my appetite
at least five years we talked about this
get it done listen I gotta go one way to
the ball what do you think about 5000
reef pump yeah I'm ready
I've been watching film all week this is
keep it clean and simple of course they
love it down in Miami who wouldn't we
get quarters that's sakes maybe they
hold on girly girl they were if you're
working are you serious and you know me
hold on I chase
[Music]
telemarketing is a cool job but
sometimes I wish it was even more
exciting luckily there's daily MVP the
super awesome way to play fantasy sports
everyday just build your team challenge
your buddies and boom Shakalaka you beat
me again Gary now even a telemarketer
like me can feel like an MVP
[Music]
I'm so bored let's do something no I'm
good
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Tom hi welcome to shields MRI would you
please remove all jewelry and place it
in the locker oh yeah sure no problem
Tom Brady trust shields MRI you can too
that all actually no I forgot this one
it's kind of new we're gonna need to get
you bigger Locker Roger that
shields healthcare go or the pros go