the following is an important time
insensitive announcement from Staples
now for an unlimited time on Linc
staples Easter esta Klee cutting their
everyday prices on hundreds of products
your business needs that's right the
clock is not ticking what call and
lollygag two staples and you will not
miss this opportunity these are everyday
price cuts take a four pack of Devil a
Duracell batteries was 479 now just
$2.99 but act now or later because these
staples every day price cuts will be
around for a really really long time
price cuts like a 2-pack of Scotch Magic
Tape previously 479 now just $2.99 and
Scotts packaging tape now just 229 for
today tomorrow and pretty much every day
till the cows come home but don't hurry
these everyday price cuts are indefinite
to repeat these prices will last so stop
by your narrow staples whenever it's
convenient and take advantage of these
normal continuing everyday price cups
thank you