welcome back to the king value radio
network I'm your host sandy and I'm your
host carl sandy we are getting loads of
calls today about the fresh new $1
double crispy cheesy burger hello with
two flame broiled patties crispy onions
and cheesy sauce for only a buck abouts
no surprise Jim from Tucson you're on
the air yes I just want to say I took
your advice went to Burger King I got a
new double crispy cheesy burger for a
buck I couldn't be happier
Oh congratulations say Jim what was your
favorite part of the delicious new
double crispy cheesy burger the plain
fresh taste today it had two big flame
broil baddies plus it at crispy onions
and cheesy sauce - it was really
delicious
I don't forget the price Jim oh yeah it
only cost a dollar it's probably the
best purchase I ever made probably Jim
okay definitely get the new double
crispy cheesy burger with double the
flame fresh taste