question what are you doing here are you
here to see this guy in a frenzied
whiteboard session or these guys talking
about the future or these yes-men
guessing Jim Fink's on the internet
doesn't need another video of creative
people acting creative and this is not
that video because this is not a video
about us this it's a video about us the
we and you us the state you to find
ourselves connecting in the connected
world your brand is no longer your brand
it's everyone's brand the property of
every last searcher clicker share alike
or Pinner and tweeter otherwise known as
people sure you can buy Fame but that
kind of fame is fleeting becoming their
favorite that's forever and how do you
become favors by turning them into we
through us
we're blitz and turning brands into an
exhaustible engines of expression into
invincible steam motors of engagement is
what we do and you your additional
adventurer who sees the connected world
Basavanna opportunity like a lioness
stopping the Bell you are in Russian
dashboard cam daredevil open a world of
Japanese cat videos you are an
instrument of change who is not afraid
to rewrite the playbook because you know
the game has already changed you know
that digital is not simply a channel
digital the lifeblood that connects
everything and you know just like
dreaming that there is a way forward and
it goes like this