[Music]
from the state of California guacamole
and chips Club Wisconsin a cheese plate
and from Louisville Kentucky
Pizza
yeah this is normal better game days
call for better pizza introducing our
new pan pizza loaded with cheese melted
all the way to the edges to create a
thick golden-brown crust
your choice of three toppings for $10
better ingredients better pizza Papa
John's hi I'm Peyton Manning and I have
DIRECTV and I'm skinnylegs Peyton
Manning and I have cable only NFL Sunday
Ticket exclusively on DirecTV that you
choose which game to watch on Sunday
perfect for those to use with cable
you're stuck with whatever games on
there go my socks this is what Sunday's
are all about this box won't flat don't
be like this me get NFL Sunday Ticket
only on DirecTV call one eight hundred
DirecTV all right be alert here Peyton I
need this big screen to show you the big
toppings on the new monster toppings
pizza they're big aren't they yeah
they're huge but really now just really
happened up your game with our new
monster toppings Pizza 33% larger than
our large with monster sized pepperoni
and Italian sausage just $12 at garlic
or cinnamon nuts for $5 more better
ingredients better pizza better football
at the new papajohns.com crawfish shorts
I like your style
epic comeback starts right here lucky
shot hi I'm Peyton Manning and I have
DIRECTV
and I'm really high voice Peyton Manning
and I have cable only DirecTV lets you
watch NFL Sunday Ticket games live on
all your devices with cable I can't do
that it's like I get to take all the
games with me I sing with the four tunes
so how's retirement staying pretty busy
actually is it
number 18 and how comes in here every
day gets the same thing every time you
know I can hear you right you know I can
hear you right I'll be here all week for
your mini retirement needs nationwide is
on your side pizza maker Peyton Manning
clay maker new season Peyton you gotta
have a kickoff deal to start it right
okay like a superstition yeah you got
any superstitions school more points
than they do
that's not really superstitious it works
up your game with the new kickoff
special get any large two topping pizza
only $10 and a mega chocolate chip
cookie for only $5 more better
ingredients better pizza better football
Papa John's MLB nibble
blow their minds this year
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh guys when you order now you get a
free Pete's after Super Bowl 50 that's a
great idea ever notice how people always
show up when you have free pizza free
pizza
hello we get it after the Super Bowl oh
I'll come back water now through Super
Bowl Sunday at papajohns.com and get a
free pizza starting the Monday after
Super Bowl use promo code Super Bowl 50
better ingredients better pizza better
football
papajohns.com it's paid it's in on
Sunday you know with DIRECTV NFL Sunday
Ticket you can watch your favorite team
no matter where you live like rock those
are Colts 18 their old number
[Music]
get NFL Sunday Ticket only on DirecTV
and watch live games anywhere what are
your goals for this season I like to
know now you papa we have this great
kickoff special we're excited about any
big adjustments for the season no Papa
just their kickoff special then probably
event here hey there's no mama Papa
Bulldog pong room yep up your game with
our kickoff special get any large to
topping pizza for just $10 add a double
chocolate chip brownie for just $6 more
better ingredients better pizza better
football at the new papajohns.com why do
I like this new Buick Verano let's be
audibles OnStar how can I help you
orange barrel rear up pending new route
now call Papa Bear to nexium 60 outlaw
if you don't know the innovative Verano
then you don't know Buick don't wait for
the new year to experience Buick lease
this innovative Buick Verano with two
years of scheduled maintenance for
around $1.99 per month come on we're
giving away free pizzas someone locked
the keys in the car then let's roll
when you order now through Super Bowl
Sunday at papajohns.com
and use promo code PJ MVP you'll get a
free pizza beginning Monday oh I wish we
could have brought 1984 back with us
next time I called it wouldn't take
outside yeah but I'm here to buy a
Gatorade so I can't sell you the
Gatorade because you're not sweating but
if you try another pump it should work
you can't sell a Gatorade cuz I'm not
sweating you want the Gator it yeah you
know let me get my manager okay you just
wait right there
boss help you sir
yeah getting this Gatorade okay you
already took a sip of it is that it's a
legal oh I'm thirsty we like our
customers to earn their gate arrays
little sweat little work so a little
something by now well let's go dude
what's up hey dude this man
[Music]
just like you said throw throw up for
just $11 get Papa John's new chipotle
chicken and bacon pizza that's right
only 11 dollars for a large Plus try our
new mega chocolate chip cookie just five
dollars nice it's paid in on Sunday amen
no I direct TV NFL Sunday Ticket I get
every game every Sunday all in HD
yeah I know that so you want to come
over make nachos
right now man I'm flying all right
pencil me in for Tuesday get NFL Sunday
Ticket included at no extra charge only
on DirecTV you have to have a lot of
passion to grow grass and December in
Denver you have to know how many times a
cleat can touch a single blade before it
breaks
even if it doesn't make the headlines
when it's football you give it
everything Kris prettier than you do for
football the game wouldn't be as good
without you
[Music]
it's been on something like football
it's DIRECTV
and I felt Sunday Ticket I can watch
every Sunday Ticket game live on any
device retire I just sit here aren't you
nothing
I work as long as you can get NFL Sunday
Ticket only on DirecTV and watch live
games anywhere near training coach got
any closer to the edge Peyton that's
good don't get any large pizza for just
$11 even specialties like our new
Italian meats and four cheese pizza just
eleven dollars for a large here hold
that
no no let's go back to where better
ingredients better pizza
first begin road trip Wow 1984 let's
celebrate celebrate 30 years of Papa
John's get a large one topping pizza for
just 30 cents when you buy any large
pizza at regular menu price 30 cent
pizza now that's pretty cool
this no that's just raw steak the better
ingredients better pizza Papa John's
Papa John's Papa John pizza maker Peyton
Manning playmaker hey Peyton I got two
Super Bowl surprises for you sounds
great pop one I'm giving away free pizza
after the Super Bowl
oh just for me no for everyone and to
hind by to Joe Montana I heard something
about free pizza thanks a lot palpable
motor now through Super Bowl Sunday at
Papa John's calm and you'll get a free
pizza starting Monday use promo codes
Super Bowl they check out better
ingredients better pizza better football
Papa John's this one is the new pan
pizza ginger any minute and you're gonna
love it
what are you doing
thought I'd be faster by carried him I
gotta return them no save me a slice
another game days call for a better
pizza introducing our new pan pizza with
a thick
golden-brown crust your choice of three
toppings all just for 10 bucks add a
2-liter Pepsi for just two dollars more
better ingredients better pizza Papa
John's
how are you good is that all I can't
sell this to you
it's Gatorade so it's for gals who have
been working out hard and breaking a
sweat I drink this stuff all the time
after work but you're not sweating now
so are you serious yeah I feel like you
don't have a really a winning attitude
right now are you waiting for a winning
attitude I just need the Gatorade it was
my birthday last night happy birthday to
you but this is like the first thing did
you have a few drinks it's not designed
for that it's a sigh for workout so if
you make destructive decisions at night
you know what let me maybe I can't if -
your birthday let me let my manager make
a ruling on this ok ok you can just hold
on one second I'll grab them can you
help me with this customer it's her
birthday are you sweating
gonna be sweating they have that
this is awkward what do I need to do for
the Gatorade do you do yoga maybe like
yoga is it called a caturanga what do
you do a chaturanga
that's it chaturanga is there a
chaturanga so nice thank you absolutely
here just use these little bags just
kind of resort enough sweat enough to
get some back sweat going as a
quarterback I know how I feel but with
the available safety systems in this
view is verrano like side blind zone
alert
now that's past protection and rear
cross-traffic alert hello I feel like
the whole team's protected me in here if
you don't know the innovative Verano
then you don't know do it now get a
two-year experience Buick lease on a
Verano with two years of Sirius XM
OnStar and scheduled maintenance all for
one low monthly payment
are you selected by something I can't
tell you that well
Gatorade is for guys and gals who worked
up a sweat you don't have any sweat on
you guru yeah man
do you know what electrolytes are yeah
you look pretty fit I mean if you know
it if you worked out a little bit worked
up a sweat right now I could hook you up
jumping jacks it just looks like you
know what I'm bad enough if you're not
sweating obviously you're not
understanding me so why don't I just get
my manager and they'll help you guys
okay bus what's the problem now we'd
like to show them to you that's just
kind of our dude you're a new policy
need a little sweat so how about running
for me a little pizza maker play maker
what's it take to become a winning play
maker trust your gut my gut tells me
Peyton Billy Tuesday pizza I like that
guy I like it too that's a good guy
original Philly cheese steak company
steak and garlic parmesan sauce up your
game with our new Philly cheesesteak
pizza
large for $12 add a Red Kettle cookie
for only six dollars and a portion of
the proceeds will go to this
Namie better ingredients better pizza
Papa job hello
on now I I can't in good conscience sell
you that sorry a Gatorade is for gals
who have worked up a sweat and you don't
have a single mark of sweat on you okay
well I worked out like two hours ago can
I just does that count
can I just buy it now and everyone says
that but unless I see the sweat you
could just be lying you know I feel like
if we met out there this would be a
whole different thing well right now I
have to be a professional and can you
just bring it up I can't okay I just
want the Gatorade so how can we figure
that out how do I pay for it
I'll go get my manager they'll be great
yeah sorry about this a boss
go deep pizza maker playmaker I can't
believe I waited 30 years to put Fritos
on a pizza
took me 22 years make it to the NFL
that's counting when you're just a baby
yeah baby that wasn't playing in the NFL
it breaks my heart sir these chili
cheddar mozzarella and original Fritos
corn chips up your game with the new
Fritos chili pizza a large for 12
dollars had a mega chocolate chip cookie
for just five dollars more better
ingredients better pizza better football
Papa John's
I'm sorry I can't in good conscience say
that it's Gatorade it's for guys who
have worked up a sweat I don't see it
single Markus sweat on you hey hey come
on man just Rigby obvious cool I like
the man but you know maybe if you worked
out a little bit let's see I just want
my drink man that's it I don't know what
you got going on on what kind of game
you're playing I don't think going out
here to deal with the attitude thing I'm
not you're not do I got my own I will
get my manager you need to lower your
voice please I appreciate I get it fun
times I get boss let's go at all just
have a little toast that's crazy
what's uh what's cool he's trying to get
a Gatorade with that sweater how do you
get it read no sweat go deep just
stories it's alright little sweat yeah
right through there keep running get
open that's good just keep doing the
circle okay stuff you're doing good here
we go with all this guys to celebrate
Super Bowl 50 I'm rewarding fans with a
special offer owner large pizza and get
a second large pizza for 50 cents 50
cents as pocket change
if only we had pockets
purely decorative get a large one
topping pizza for only 50 cents when you
order any large pizza at regular menu
price and our new brookie for just $6
more better ingredients better pizza
better football
papajohns.com
how can I help you said the fridges
liked oh yeah it's locked
yeah could you open it for me oh no
Gatorade helps replace what you sweat
out and you don't you don't have an
ounce of sweat on you is this a joke
no being an athlete is no joke it's a
lot of hard work you really got to push
yourself okay can I can you just unlock
it Oh what my shifts up sorry how can I
help you sir I'm trying to get some
Gatorade it's not gonna happen
the guy was a legend on the field he
poured everything he had into this game
we gotta wonder what he's doing on gay
- a picture
mmm cupcakes
[Music]
better game days call for better pizza
now get to medium to topping pizzas for
just $6.99 each try under cinnamon
pull-apart for just 6 bucks
better ingredients better pizza Papa
John's the John pizza maker Peyton
Manning in Joe Montana playmakers hey
pop I got a question yeah doesn't it
seem like Joe only shows up during the
playoffs when we do a Bible and get one
free deal you think he just wants that
free pizza hello huh yeah
just a free one right get the large one
topping pizza free when you purchase a
large pizza order now at Papa John's gov
better ingredients better pizza better
football Papa John's
Ceylan three same way through here we go
Lance coinsurance and justice let's go
grill
let's go insurance and Justice lady
dollars god that meat sandwich that me
six dog that me gas and it's four
dollars you're my favorite account it
Tommy please study please show my
fantasy team to my favorite worker fans
yes Oh priceless there are some things
money can't buy for everything else
there's not stripper never gonna watch
this head right here look at that
yeah it'll be nice to take it easy to
get in this season fantasy football yeah
I may dabble
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
you're all with the Commission I don't
have time for this dog I'm trying to run
a classy operation here you can't call
your team dogs and kisses I know it's a
pun how do I choose what games to watch
I don't you want my advice get DIRECTV's
NFL Sunday Ticket and a haircut
feels like a beatnik if you auto-draft
your team you're banished from the
league I am NOT taking this too
seriously this is just a hobby I don't
care if your daughters getting married
it's her second marriage it's just
probably not gonna work either no it's
never too early to pick a kicker second
round beautiful Ubu a snake draft does
it mean with drafting snakes how about
this I'll trade you a unicorn for a
leprechaun oh sorry I thought we were
just saying ridiculous trades that'll
never happen
I'm just like a pair of sweatpants I'm
super casual we're having fun we're
having fun I'm not gonna put up with any
of your guff do you hear me Dennis
okay Manning did you just hang up on me
did you just hang up on me fantasy
football serious business seriously
great coverage only with DIRECTV's NFL
Sunday Ticket are you ready to
quarterback my team the terminators
Peyton you need to get a job you got
brown rear but you don't have NFL Sunday
Ticket from DIRECTV hey what's the deal
man but I like this top and I want to
get the ticket but I just can't swing it
this year I'm gonna blow your mind with
a deal you deserve
gives you everything every Sunday well
absolutely nothing extra hard to beat
that Thanks
come on paint pretty tasty nothing like
topping on in football together now NFL
Sunday Ticket is included at no extra
charge called 1-800 DIRECTV
[Music]
[Music]
[Applause]
this Halloweens sink your teeth into the
crunch of the new Fritos chili pizza a
large for just $12 better ingredients
better pizza
poverty cuts seconds were a bad idea
[Music]
for our players choice pizzas we made
the NFL players favorite pizzas now you
can eat like an NFL player if I can eat
like a football player can you dress
look you can eat the pizza
you just can't steal my shorts of your
game with our players choice pizzas the
new spicy sriracha meets the barbecue
chicken and bacon or the loaded works
for $12 each better ingredients better
pizza better football history is made by
those who not not only seize the moment
this is a man who really does define the
nationwide Jenkins the music and the
songwriting you're talking about the
master when it comes to the jingle I'm
the expert and you know it's face a man
has to know his limitations I was a
little disappointed past couple years
and Fred and some of the other artists
were doing their work and I wasn't
consulted they were good they were good
but brad has never you know had really a
jingle coach Brad has really told me on
the side of much he enjoys having me
here and how much better it is with me
here providing my insight advise counsel
encouragement but but coaching right I
mean it's what you called me earlier
coach thanks coach yeah it's what I do
Who I am it's what I live for that's
what I you know go to bed at night
jingling to myself the jingle is me and
I am the jingle it's one that's that's
truth yeah order up one chicken parm
it's just the way it is all jingling
people how they Jing will make the life
speaks Thai don't know how to do it how
you go some way just take it over love
that free pizza meter at papajohns.com
every time I Papa John's will remember
and 25 points they get a free Papa
John's Pizza that was kind of thinking
1818 first two men free pizzas now just
18 points here's your new number this
Sunday Papa Rewards members get a free
pizza for just 18 points sign up now and
Papa John's calm for a large double
bacon six cheese pizza is $11 or any
large one dollar more better ingredients
better pizza
Papa John's where do you see what's next
to look good in that orange we salute
the retired legend who transcended his
sport and inspired greatness in everyone
around him think I'm facing the wrong
way
nope that's what we had in mind oh
traumatic RCD on the login' I want to
face forward
[Music]
[Applause]
there is what's up miles
whoo this is miles better game days call
for better pizza and now I got two large
pizzas with any choice of two toppings
for just $8 each that's too large to
topping pizzas for only $8 each better
ingredients papa john's pizza maker play
maker check out my ultimate meats pizza
uh-huh looks great
that meats working together I love it a
team of ingredients you try to make a
football June yeah funny
brutal actually stick to pizza pepperoni
salami sausage Canadian and hickory
smoked bacon up your game with the new
ultimate meats pizza a large for $12 add
a mega chocolate chip cookie for just
five dollars more better ingredients
better pizza better football anything
new yeah about a small business I like
it but I think maybe it ought to be more
like a song than a done jingle okay
yeah well do it your way of course
people seem to like it they talk about
it all the time they tweet about it yeah
yeah I think I saw makes sense when it
comes to being a better football fan
nothing beats sprint NFL mobile you can
watch exclusive game highlights of all
your favorite players like Peyton
Manning that guy's pretty good if you
like six five to thirty pound
quarterbacks laser rocket on with NFL
mobile only from Sprint you get
customizable alerts and real-time stats
on your favorite team maybe like Peyton
Manning's team maybe get the only modal
razor with access to NFL mobile for
$49.99 sprint
hey Teddy I hate to bother you something
I'm Ellen Payton pdy groceries $41
that's awesome man
oil change $25 lungi cat $12 great chef
today guys nice salad for your favorite
players
yes priceless there are some things
money can't buy for everything else
there's MasterCard beside the bread my
little brother he loves you
extra Hotel night New England you're
going down mani
free fourth floor get a massage today
I'm excited extra night in Cleveland
free good call I'll just cut it up into
a fruit salad or something thanks extra
night in San Diego morning take a hike
free you know I'm gonna do that getting
world-class rewards no matter who you
are whether you're sweet priceless get a
world master card and get free hotel
stays and more send a personalized we
talked from Peyton em priceless calm
[Music]
you